feat: release 0.11.0 (#109)
ConduitIO/conduit-site: docs/features/schema-support.mdx

version as well
the [payload schema](/docs/features/opencdc-record#opencdcpayloadschema)'s
subject and version. The schemas themselves are managed
by [the schema registry](#schema-registry).

Conduit's Connector SDK and Processor SDK make it possible to:

- automatically extract a schema from a record's key or payload (note that the
  data has to be structured)
- automatically encode or decode a record's key or payload (i.e. connectors and
  processors can work with structured data that contain correct types without
  being involved in fetching the schemas and encoding/decoding the data
  themselves)
- work directly with the schema registry (for example, in cases where automatic
  schema extraction isn't enough and a schema needs to be built manually using
  the information from a source)

More information about how to work with schemas can be found in the relevant
pages
for [source connectors](/docs/connectors/building-connectors/developing-source-connectors), [destination connectors](/docs/connectors/building-connectors/developing-destination-connectors)
and [processors](/docs/processors/standalone/building#schemas).

## Schema Registry

> The schema registry is used internally in Conduit store the schemas of records.
> It can either be embedded as part of Conduit (**built-in type**) or run as a
> standalone service exposing a REST API that's compatible
> with [Confluent's Schema registry](https://docs.confluent.io/current/schema-registry/develop/api.html) (
> **confluent type**).

Reviewer: I suggest rephrasing this part.
```suggestion
Conduit uses a schema registry to store the schemas of records.
You can either configure Conduit to use the built-in schema registry (default) or to
connect to an external standalone service exposing a REST API that's compatible
with [Confluent's Schema registry](https://docs.confluent.io/current/schema-registry/develop/api.html).
```

To use an external schema registry, you can use the following configuration
options in
your [pipeline configuration file](/docs/pipeline-configuration-files/getting-started)

```yaml
schema-registry:
  type: confluent
  confluent:
    connection-string: http://localhost:8081
```

Or when running Conduit from the command line you can use the following flags:

```shell
$ ./conduit 
  -schema-registry.type=confluent 
  -schema-registry.confluent.connection-string=http://localhost:8081
```

> When using a **built-in schema**, the schema registry service will use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a **built-in schema registry**, schemas will be stored in the
```

same [**persistence layer
**](/docs/getting-started/architecture#persistence-layer) as the rest of

> Conduit. By default, it uses BadgerDB, but it can be configured to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conduit's data. By default, it uses BadgerDB, but it can be configured to use
```
